we all have found mutants even later in the situation that
we have to move a very large file
a file that exceeds in capacity storage systems or those that
we have and we have to move urgently right at the moment minus 70
indicated is to say a Sunday night a World Cup at night in which
we do not have maybe we have it from you and we have to have only what
we have around us in this case and many users have
of various garments several usbs memories
several photo cards e me for camera photography for example
i many dead have the fuel electors be card director
what are we going to do to move that file that we have to move or have
that he transported unfailingly at that moment
and that far exceeds the layers of high storage capacity
of which we have
so what are we going to do is going to be
a pisco set with all those units
what we have
and then percent have enough capacity to move that
was filed on this occasion and as you can see in the photo in Moscow fear
a small java
that has a card reader
two central d 1 gb capacity and a couple of cards that we can connect
now our computer
tell us what happens
you see the desktop will appear
four discs
2. 3
and with the fourth will appear
concluded we are going to do good because in reality we are going to do this
com the lace of discs for that already discs
is found in
ap utilities
utility and disks
they will disappear here
as you will see all the units with which we are going to work
we will select first the unit with greater capacity in this case
bashir is
and we will go alak
we will give a title to Brazil
a group root percent and we'll call it for example
its power
his father transports
the volume format as it is going to be a large format and its disk size
very small that is going to be
- of 4 gigas the backrest was classified in your home
Eden
the
frames plus
if you are going to go to a computer with access to go with a computer with peter we will do
what waiters
this case jorge marcos plus
it will be a set of concatenated disks
the next step will be to create
a super transport radio group that will be a set of concatenated discs
then we just have to drag
different discs
once we have the 4 dragged just have to give
to create will not be notified that all data will be deleted
of those discs
ixo we do not have to give
operatively my intention the disk utility will be able to work and will create a
single disc
with the sum of the sizes
all the capabilities of those usbs cards and memories
to which you have to discount the space you reserve
for the file system
you will need to save the corresponding references to the
files that keep
once we say percent mac os x this option has finished in our
desktop will appear our new disk
a capacity that will be the sum of all those devices
in these moments is preparing you already we have here
a steak a capacity of conoco hand to 4 gigas what will be what is the
capacity that we will have
what do we do now to separate this reality in having again the
four bolocco cards its simple we just have to select
the elements and say that it does not erase and choose the type to erase
what we want was going to be for a hundred is the asad or will be frames plus we belong
we just have to want to erase
and thematically
will erase
and we recover one by one
all the unitys
we want is quoting
with this case wide shoulders farc
to create
our little rayán
kerpo we should be able to transport it in one piece just to be able to move
that file so big and so important that we have to move and that thing was
in the eighth minute we have realized that we do not have not gone
large enough
to transport
and exterminating oct
and now we pay
/ the last fragment
of the roots group
and we can see that we already have here
d of these 4 discs again